bzzzzzzz
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is Gigaohm Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I'm gonna try and fool around with this for a minute here, and maybe get this just a little bit smaller, and therefore it can be higher in a way.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
Sorry it's taken me so long to get back online.
I've been fooling around with some functionality like this, but also just kind of trying to make it more interesting for me and more positive for me as an experience.
I'm trying to take things to a different direction and a different level to try and make my points in a different, more positive way.
And part of that was that barbecue show that I did yesterday or the day before or the day before that.
which I ended with a barbecue that was from Texas.
And it was formed by three guys who went to elementary school together.
And so the overarching message was about friendship.
Today, I'd also like to keep that message alive about friendship.
staying focused on the biology, not taking the bait on social media.
I really hope that today my program can be quick and less than two hours so that I can get out of here for the gym.
Jimmy Kimmel revisited, then we're gonna just tie it up with the Goldie thing.
And then a little bit of a guess who and when, which I think is kind of fun to always remind people where we are in the timeline.
And then finally a little segment that I'd like to call Ian Carroll Admits It.
And then we'll see if we can close it out.
So again, thanks for being here.
I will see you again soon.
Let me see if I can transition through all of these different thingamabobbers here.
Does this work?
Yes.
And then that should... No, that did not work.
Because I clicked over here.
That should be, aha, there it is.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
thing but you can tell if someone's lying you know you can sort of feel it people fifty thousand dollars he says that's hilarious you know um that is absolutely funny two of these monitors came out of the garbage can of the university of pittsburgh school of medicine when they claimed the room was damaged by water
um wow what a funny thing 50 don't take it 50 000 don't take it don't take it don't use tylenol don't take tylenol don't take tylenol fight like hell not to take it i think you shouldn't take it don't take tylenol the baby goes gets a shot they say here take your cup of title i've heard that for years take tylenol don't take tylenol don't have your baby take tylenol don't give tylenol
to the baby.
Don't give Tylenol to the baby.
Don't give your baby Tylenol.
Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
So that's it.
There's nothing much to say.
Don't take Tylenol.
Just don't take it.
And I just say it again.
Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
But none of that compared to the headache he is creating with his buddy RFK, blaming autism on Tylenol.
His press conference yesterday was an all-timer.
Trump, Bobby Brainworm, and Dr. Oz strongly recommend that pregnant women stop taking Tylenol immediately.
And the president was very persuasive making his case.
When the alternative is that nothing bad can happen, let's do it now.
I was just saying to Bobby and the group, let's do it now.
Nothing bad can happen.
It can only good happen.
But with Tylenol, don't take it.
Don't take it.
That's right.
Follow the advice of Donald Trump.
And you, too, can look like a glazed ham with deep vein thrombosis.
It can only good happen.
The End
Tonight, MERS, SARS, bird flu, mutating superbugs are threatening to wipe out mankind.
Do we think we rule the planet?
No.
They rule the planet.
Their attack is always vicious.
The majority of the exposed people will die.
It could lead to a viral armageddon, a bio-pocalypse.
If you've got the lab, if you've got the scientists necessary, effectively, you could come up with a zombie-type virus.
Whoa.
And it could be your next door neighbor who starts it all.
You need a table and a sink, and that's a laboratory.
Once the biopocalypse strikes, we may not know what hit us.
What the hell is that?
Until it's too late.
You're going to have a huge death toll before you ever catch up with it.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
Again, this is Giga Home Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I'm coming to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Did I say that already?
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Transfection is a crime and autism is definitely a myth.
It is really extraordinary where we are right now, ladies and gentlemen.
I can't stress enough how the trap door is closing.
You gotta get off social media because if you're there using it skillfully, you are following people that are working against you.
There's no other way to say it.
It's just not a safe place for us and it's definitely not a safe place for our grandchildren.
You gotta understand why the cheese is free on social media.
You gotta understand why the cheese was free during the pandemic.
The reason why the cheese was free during the pandemic is the exact biology they want you to ignore.
Because they are all one cast on one script.
And that's why yelling at the stage or tweeting at the stage or posting things on Facebook doesn't change what they do.
Because that's not how theater works.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm trying to make or be a contributor to making America real again.
An independent bright web that doesn't use or rely on Rumble or YouTube or Spotify or anything like that, but we just have a website and you can download things.
I'm really excited about this.
I'm really excited about the fact that we have a nice way for people to start training to challenge themselves to understand why intramuscular injection can never be questioned as a methodology.
Virology can never be questioned as a science and public health can never be questioned as a reason.
Those are the things that
All of these narratives prevent us from doing.
And instead of arguing about or discussing these things, we'll argue about pandemics or autism or any other myths that they put in front of us.
And again, it's about the biology that they ignore, the biologists they ignore, the ideas they've ignored.
And if you want to know the truth, you got to start there.
You got to start with the stuff they're not talking about.
I think that's really the way forward.
That's the way
That we all figure this out that we all get there I Gotta I gotta say the most important thing the most important thing is to show your children the truth It's really most important to show your children the truth that
We need to apologize to our children for having fallen for this for so long.
Having gone along with it for so long that Nancy Pelosi has an unbridled 25-year-plus career in Congress.
We went along with this because the cheese was free.
for a lot of people, and those people encouraged us to go along with it, pretended that what they were doing was helping us, when in reality, they were just helping with the controlled demolition of America, like all the other ones on television and on social media.
Show your children the truth.
The only reason why we fell for it is because of social media.
America needs to stay focused on the biology, America needs to stop taking the bait on social media, and America needs to start getting to know their neighbors again.
And regardless of what side of this little goofball show you're on,
you need to come to the realization that you've been fooled.
Because you still probably think, you know, oh, I saw through Donald Trump.
But you still think Donald Trump is an independent actor.
Oh, I saw through... I saw through Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I knew that he was a goofball.
But then you still think that he's an independent actor doing things despite what most intelligent people and most technocrats in America, most leaders of corporations want him to do.
And that would be just preposterous.
Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
With Tylenol, don't take it.
That would just be preposterous.
Don't use Tylenol.
Don't take Tylenol.
Fight like hell not to take it.
I think you shouldn't take it.
Don't take Tylenol.
The baby goes, gets a shot.
They say, here, take a couple of Tylenol.
I've heard that for years.
Take Tylenol.
This is all the same show, ladies and gentlemen.
All these organizations, all these people are all infused with national security actors.
It sucks.
It really does suck.
But that's the way it is.
And the more you come to understand it as such, the more you will see that fighting on social media is exactly what they want.
Because on social media, they can create any illusion they want to, including the illusion of the truth getting out.
They can also create the illusion that this is like a 50-50 divide in the United States, just like the last election was, you know?
And the truth is out in 50% of the people.
But if you thought that, if you think that, you would be wrong.
Ladies and gentlemen, please download the PeerTube app and explore the possibility of using an app that doesn't take your data, and using an app that allows you to view GigaOM Biological without using your data, and more importantly, using the website that I pay for.
There's also a feed of Mark Kulak's latest stuff that shows up on the same Peertube app because right now Mark helps to pay for that stream.gigaohm.bio and I host, or we host, some of his videos there.
That's the current status.
The new status soon will be, you know, stream.housatonic.history or something like that.
And then on the Peertube app you'll just have two
Peertube platforms that you follow, one with a big G and an ohm symbol and one with an H.
And that's the way forward because then we can also get one for the Liberty Perspective or, you know, Dan could make one for example.
And then you would choose what you put on your phone and what you follow and what shows up.
And more importantly, you would never ever ever get served something else by the algorithm.
You'd never get served up something with...
i don't know um like russell brand's face you know you would never get served up anything like that uh thank you for joining me thank you for being here we're still trying to figure out what in the hell happened in 2020 during this black swan event
or whatever they call them.
And I'm still trying to figure that out because basically my academic career hit a rock and a hard place at very high velocity around 2020.
And ever since then, I've been trying to find Americans and international actors on social media that would try to help get the truth out about what happened here or what didn't happen here.
And the remarkable thing is, I think my voice is just, there we go, testing, test, test, test, test, test, test.
We are really in a weird situation because it doesn't seem like very many people are interested in that anymore.
And it might only be because that's by design.
So I want to get going quick.
I don't know how well I'm going to be able to do this show.
I might have to repeat it again.
but like i said i just want to remind everybody you know it's been a long time it's six years we're in the sixth year um it's ugly because one half of our country supposedly if you look at social media and you follow people on social media or podcasts on social media it is likely
that you have come to the conclusion or come to, you know, one of two set points.
And this could be true from the perspective of Germans, Australians, New Zealanders, English people, you know, people from the UK in general, people from Scandinavia, all may more or less sort into this, you know, money and power and drugs and women and blackmail
are used to control governments of the world and therefore all of humanity.
And so the elite pedophiles are at the heart of this.
And if you go to Dutch conspiracy websites or German conspiracy websites, you'll find the same thing.
I'm not saying that everybody does that, but I have and do, and I know what's there and it's the same shit.
It's, this is about the grandchildren of earth because the pedophiles, because of the bankers, because of the Venetians, because of, we must support Trump because he's like the other, you know, populist right movements, the Christian right movements.
They're all around the world right now, supposedly, but I would suggest that they only really exist on the internet.
And so on one side of the coin again, Trump is not an elite pedophile.
COVID was definitely real and vaccines can work, but they sure didn't work this time with this new stuff because there's a DNA contamination.
Now on the other side of the aisle, humans are already a plague.
There's too many of us.
We've been busy with population control for a while.
And COVID was probably just a way for them to depopulate us more because this is about the grandchildren of earth.
And Trump is the accumulation of everything wrong with the world and certainly everything wrong with America.
It shows how ridiculous the American system is if such a jackass can get elected.
It shows you how broken the American populace is.
And that's what probably a lot of people think in the greater Western world, like in Australia and New Zealand.
They think we're just retarded.
and certainly in the Netherlands they think that.
I know that from personal family conversations.
So Trump is indeed an elite pedophile even if he didn't go to the island for a long time.
COVID was real and vaccines definitely work and questioning them can kill people.
And of course, what I'm suggesting, the main overarching message here is that the American public is governed by national security actors, American public, and therefore the American culture in general, and every vibe and image and song that it sends around the world is actively controlled by the national security state.
and citizens are actively divided on false premises so that the things that are really going on behind the scenes can go on behind the scenes without us really having any effective scrutiny on those things.
The pandemic was the accumulation of a long con, and the reason why this long con had to happen
is because somewhere between 1950-odd, something like that, and now, there was a collective realization by the National Security State that a few genomes was not going to work.
that the genome and inheritance and heredity and the regulation of the pattern integrity of life over time and the existence of each pattern integrity is not going to be cracked with the simple model of bacteria and bacteriophages.
And if it was cracked, it was cracked in a way that revealed that the human version of heredity
and temporal regulation of the pattern integrity across time was going to be an uncrackable nugget.
Because as they understood it, the genetic code would never be capable of encoding that kind of density of information.
And certainly, at least we would have no idea how that would happen.
And so the central dogma became questioned.
And also at the same time, people like Joshua Lederberg came to realize that one of the only ways this was going to work was when we had the computers
with the capability of storing a genome, never mind hundreds or thousands of genomes, in a format
that was interfaceable with a computer.
And even then, I don't think Joshua Lederberg understood that simple neuronal networks modeled virtually would be able to start to provide a rudimentary way that algorithms or machine learning could learn and store and crack codes for visual identification of shapes and this kind of thing.
And so it really became enticing to think
that all we had to do was keep building these algorithms and we would get better and better at it.
We'd have more and more insight.
And more importantly, we needed to build the computers necessary because it was just like a, you know, in theory, you can build a computer big enough to do the job.
And that's what they're doing right now.
And don't underestimate the amount of infrastructure that exists for the videos and for the Netflix and for the Paramount Plus and for the Disney Plus.
It's all really just technology developed under that false pretenses when in reality, the speed of that data transfer, the size and the management of those,
those size of data sets and that size of data farm is all something they needed to learn in order to crack this problem that they probably identified already 20 years ago when they announced the Human Genome Project DUN.
And so all the people that were there when the Human Genome Project was announced DUN are essentially involved in this.
They have to be because it was at that time that they had to put people or start putting people in place
to be ready for this shift when the technology was available the infrastructure was available for the first test run and included in that whole long con was SARS-1 and MERS
and the debates about these things on 60 Minutes with Peter Daszak, but also all of the movies that start with some kind of contagion two-minute intro, like Planet of the Apes or the movies about contagion, like World War Z and such.
And so the whole
The whole farm is being bet on the idea that future computers and future data centers and future machine learning algorithms will be provided the necessary density of data of human genomes and medical data and whatever else is possible so that they can make meaningful progress in understanding exactly what is coded in the chromosomes and DNA that we don't already understand because it was low-hanging fruit.
That's the trick.
And so this DNA making evolution real has to be unlearned.
And yet my son is in freshman biology in high school, and one of the units that's coming is the central dogma, DNA to RNA to protein.
And so the assumption is, is that all the meaningful understanding that we need could be achieved if we just understood this one part right here.
And since it's right there, we should be able to understand it.
But we have to see is that between about 1940 and 1960 or 70, they realized that that wasn't going to happen.
And it wasn't until 1983, ooh, what the hell happened there?
It wasn't until 1983 that they started having meetings about coronaviruses and trying to really push this narrative that there were animal viruses that were equivalent to bacterial viruses and we could just ignore the bacteria and the bacterial viruses and study these guys.
And David Baltimore was involved in that transition.
getting a Nobel Prize for finding one of those enzymes, and then being sort of given almost biological sainthood by calling the whole map of all these special enzymes that go against the central dogma being exclusive purview of viruses.
And since he got the Nobel Prize for that, how are we going to argue with him?
And of course, that Nobel Prize also supports the illusionary mechanism of HIV and AIDS.
It supports the illusionary mechanism of XMRV or any of these other stories that these people from this all the same cast, Fauci, Mickiewicz, Gallo, you know, it's all around that transition where we weren't gonna figure out the laws of the biological universe like we thought we were.
Like when Max Delbruck was having all of these things at Cold Spring Harbor and the phage group was meeting, and that's this book.
They all thought that investigating bacteria and their phages was going to crack the code of how life works.
they did some damn elegant experiments and they didn't figure it out at all.
And in fact that was one of Max Delbruck's, you know, I don't think he was ever very happy about how they didn't make any progress in that regard.
I think there are other people who would probably, if they were honest, be very
admit very much that that's what was happening at that time.
And then instead you have these go-getters like David Baltimore emerging from this same time and remaining grandfathers of virology all, I think, just using recombinant DNA and RNA to pretend.
It's a bold statement to make, but I think that's why this same false narrative governed by national security actors put people like Andrew Kauffman and Tom Cowan and the Baileys and Alex Zeck out there for the last five years, because those people are on a narrative where
the reasons behind, the nuance behind what was done in order to misconstrue a background as having, you know, really a lot to do with us and nothing to do with bacteria.
over the course of 20 years and instead there's no virus without ever getting any more complicated or nuanced than that.
Those people are some very malevolent actors that now have a website together and charge for telemed visits just like Pierre Cory does, just like Peter McCullough does, just like Mary Talley Bowden does.
It's all the same kind of fraud.
And it goes back all the way to when, again, the greatest physicists in the world decided that it was time to go into biology and see if the last remaining laws of creation could be discerned.
And they were the ones to do it.
And they failed.
They failed.
And instead, our national security state then started telling us stories about animal viruses and human viruses.
And that illusion is what is here.
And so it's not that there are no signals.
It's not that PCR doesn't work or works.
It's that an entire background
of genetic signaling and noise, which might be the very basis for our existence, has been misconstrued as a background of pathogenic signals that we really don't understand because Nathan Wolf hasn't finished his work yet.
And Peter Daszak is still just trying to scratch the surface.
And so it's been murder and lies.
It's about population pyramids.
It's a fake health freedom movement that was put in place by a military exercise.
And so that's why they want you to think that the shot is a military exercise or something like that, instead of just realizing that the whole messaging campaign, the whole illusion of consensus about the virus and the spread and the sickness was created.
That's what they really needed the military for.
And that's why all these ridiculous actors are in front of us.
all the way down to the guy who does Anduril and the autonomous missiles and stuff.
That guy is a super clown, just like Elon Musk is, just like Peter Thiel is, just like Jeff Bezos is.
These are not real people.
These are characters that were inserted into the narrative and made to seem like impossibly successful, mostly so that the rest of America would think that that kind of success wasn't attainable for me because I got to go to work tomorrow.
And all of this can be dispelled based on the biology that these people simply won't talk about.
And I'm very, very excited to say that I don't think anybody else on Earth has a program where they've gotten this close to saying these things correctly, like intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s, like transfection of healthy humans is a crime.
Like, RNA cannot pandemic.
Like, autism is a meaningless word by design.
And like, a man who thinks he's a woman is not normal.
Like, the cosmetic transformation, regardless of specific details, results in a transitioning or trans man.
And now this, it's just, it's just, it's done.
So yes, social media has made you believe that you can tweet the right thing and the Star Trek episode will change, but that's not true.
Breaking news on Jimmy Kimmel and autism.
Jimmy Kimmel coming back to late night television.
ABC chose to bring back their low rating nighttime host.
We are in for a monologue that will be a marker in late night show history.
It's going to be a moment.
Yeah, no question.
A huge moment in American history.
It's one of the most pivotal moments in broadcast history.
He will be delivering what is being dubbed the most anticipated monologue in late night in years.
So see what they're admitting here.
First of all, this is completely scripted.
All of the news channels saying that this is gonna be the monologue that everybody remembers, it was scripted.
Just like them throwing him off the air was scripted.
And now listen to who he mentions, how he mentions them, what he says, and understand that this man, first and foremost, is an actor who's willing to get into a fat... What is that?
A rodent suit?
A mouse suit?
He's an actor.
First and foremost, he's an actor.
From Hollywood, it's Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Tonight, Glenn Power and music from Sarah McLachlan with Cleto and the Cletones.
And now, Jimmy Kimmel Live.
I'm glad somebody tweeted that.
Uhhh, b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-
The rest want Trump out and Bobby out, and it's not 50-50.
Even if in your little neighborhood it's 50-50, understand it's much worse than that.
And I don't think that this can be a message that will hurt us if I'm wrong, but if we're
If you're wrong about what you're assuming is 50-50, and in fact it's only like 90-10 or 80-20, we're in big trouble.
Very, very big trouble should the rhetoric on social media and in mainstream media change after the midterms.
And make no mistake about it, that's one of the things I expect to happen.
Thank you.
Anyway, as I was saying before I was interrupted, if you're just joining us, we are preempting your regularly scheduled encore episode of Celebrity Family Feud to bring you this special report.
I'm happy to be here tonight with you.
I am not...
Please be seated.
I'm not sure who had a weirder 48 hours, me or the CEO of Tylenol.
It's been overwhelming.
I've heard from a lot of people over the last six days.
I've heard from...
Now I will agree with Reginald there, they are overdoing it, but what happens when they, there's Reginald there, way overdoing it.
What happens, how is that happening?
Anybody that's been in a studio like this knows that very specifically there's a freaking stage manager, maybe more than one, that can go like this and then go like that.
And so this is all just ridiculousness, right?
Of course it is, and that's a good point.
all the people in the world over the last six days.
Everyone I have ever met has reached out 10 or 11 times.
Weird characters from my past are emailing.
The guy who fired me from my first radio job in Seattle, where we are not airing tonight, by the way.
Sorry, Seattle.
His name is Larry.
In 1989, Larry tried to force me to do a bit called Jokes for Donuts, where people would call in with a joke, and I would give them donuts.
I refused to do it, and then I made a lot of fun of Larry for suggesting it.
And eventually, Larry fired me, and I had to move back in with my parents.
But even he wrote in to cheer me up.
Thank you, Larry.
And I want to thank everyone who checked in.
It was a long week to list all of them.
Some that I do especially want to mention are my fellow late night talk show hosts, my friend Stephen Colbert.
He's found himself in this predicament.
My friends Jon Stewart, Seth Meyers, Jimmy Fallon, John Oliver, Conan O'Brien, James Corden, Arsenio, Kathy, Wanda, Chelsea, even Jay reached out.
Did he say Kathy?
I think he said Kathy.
My boyhood idols, Howard Stern and David Letterman, were very considerate and kind, and I feel honored to be part of... Think about including Howard Stern in your boyhood idols.
I mean, that is just remarkable.
What a dumbass.
That is the craziest thing I've ever heard.
It's not really, though.
If you realize he's an actor, he's in show business, and...
That dickhead that he just mentioned, Howard Stern, was very successful in show business, so of course he admires him.
Who knows what goes into doing a show like this?
And I also want to thank all of you.
What goes into a show like this?
How big do you think his staff is?
How much do you think they get paid to dedicate their lives and every day to this show?
What goes into making this show?
Stop lying!
You know what goes into making this show?
Everything that I do.
All of it.
The programming, the slides, the cameras, everything.
It's not a $50,000 setup.
It's a Craigslist setup.
And nobody on the internet does it better than me all by themselves.
Nobody does it better than me.
Everything else here is smoke and mirrors.
Everything that you see on the internet, any podcast you see is smoke and mirrors.
They have producers and they have marketeers and they have editors.
No one, no one, no one with more than 5,000 subscribers on the internet
and a decent following on YouTube or lots of views on Rumble is anything but a puppet.
They are raised up either because they've already passed the audition and their message is ridiculous, or they are being tested.
You wanna see something real, you gotta go to a real analyst, somebody with a previous career, and somebody who had principles when it mattered in 2020.
None of the people that are in front of you with a big podcast nowadays are people who had principles in 2020.
From Matt Taibbi all the way to Brett Weinstein, they're all just frauds.
who supported our show, cared enough to do something about it, to make your voices heard so that mine could be heard.
I will never forget it.
And maybe, maybe, maybe most of all, I want to thank the people who don't support my show and what I believe, but support my right to share those beliefs anyway.
People who I never would have imagined
Like Ben Shapiro, Clay Travis, Candace Owens, Mitch McConnell, Rand Paul, even my old pal Ted Cruz, who, believe it or not, said something very beautiful on my behalf.
I hate what Jimmy Kimmel said.
I am... Jimmy Kimmel is pretending not to cry right now, and he mentioned Candace Owens and how many other retards?
Thrilled that he was fired.
Shapiro?
Come on.
No, not that.
the other part.
But let me tell you, if the government gets in the business of saying we don't like what you, the media have said, we're going to ban you from the airwaves.
So what I'm suggesting, and I hope it makes good sense to you, is that all of these people have been scripted to take this position, just like Mark Maron has been scripted to take the position, you know, kind of this side of Joe Rogan, you know, finally getting his act together or pulling your head out or
you know, not pulling the same crap all the time.
And this case, Tucker Carlson and Ted Cruz and a few other people have been scripted to rise essentially in this narrative where everybody comes to the help of Jimmy Kimmel, unless they're mean or something, you know, and we have to come together.
We have to come together under free speech.
It's not that dissimilar to how the health freedom movement said we have to come together under a big top tent of health freedom.
Now America has to come together and agree that free speech is free speech.
And, and, and we, we all, we all fight for it or something like that.
But this is going to go, this is going to go all the way until free speech on the internet is different than free speech on the street.
Free speech on the street is very different than free speech on the internet.
We're going to have to regulate free speech on the internet because, you know, it can echo in ways that we can't control because of those darn algorithms.
If you don't say what we like, that will end up bad for conservatives.
I don't think I've ever said this before, but Ted Cruz is right.
He's absolutely right.
All of us, including him.
I mean, think about it.
If Ted Cruz can't speak freely, then he can't cast spells on the Smurfs.
Even though I don't agree with many of those people on most subjects, some of the things they say even make me want to throw up.
It takes courage for them to speak out against this administration.
And they did, and they deserve credit for it.
And thanks.
For telling your followers that our government
cannot be allowed to control what we do and do not say on television, and that we have to stand up to it.
I've been hearing a lot about what I need to say and do tonight.
And the truth is, I don't think what I have to say is going to make much of a difference.
If you like me, you like me.
If you don't, you don't.
I have no illusions about changing anyone's mind.
But I do want to make something clear, because it's important to me as a human.
And that is, you understand that it was never my intention to make light of the murder of a young man.
He's an actor and I do not believe him.
He's an actor.
This is not genuine.
This is for 20 million followers on YouTube.
If there's anything funny about it, I posted a message on Instagram on the day he was killed, sending love to his family and asking for compassion.
And I meant it.
I still do.
Nor was it my intention to blame any specific group for the actions of what was obviously a deeply disturbed individual.
That was really the opposite of the point I was trying to make, but I understand that to some that felt either ill-timed or unclear, or maybe both.
And for those who think I did, uh, point a finger, I get why you're upset.
If the situation was reversed, there's a good chance I'd have felt the same way.
I have many friends and family members on the other side who I love and remain close to, even though we don't agree on politics at all.
I don't think the murderer who shot Charlie Kirk represents anyone.
This was a sick person
who believed violence was a solution.
Hey all the students out there in the audience, what happens as you listen to this?
What's happening here?
What's the enchantment?
The enchantment is that the killer is a real killer and that he actually killed Charlie Kirk with the gun or whatever he shot him with because
Kimmel is sad about it and admits that that guy's a crazy guy, you know, just a disturbed individual.
And so not that dissimilar to a lot of these other enchantments that have been cast on us where the story or the argument or the apology is all based around a drama which exists inside of this bubble.
And in this case, the bubble is that Charlie Kirk was shot by a guy on the roof who has a furry for a transgender boyfriend or something like that.
And then whether or not people will accept that or not.
And just outside of it are all these weirdos talking about drones, or talking about audio analysis of where the shot came from, or talking about phones that fold up into guns, or guns that fold up into phones, talking about stolen security cameras and memory cards.
And all of you are separate from one another.
All of you are wasting time separate from one another on things that none of these people, which is like a majority of Americans, will ever see or consider worth their time.
And there's a very vanishing few people that are still doing that, but those people are in grave danger.
And they're my fellow Americans, so I want to help.
And it isn't, ever.
And also selfishly.
I am a person who gets a lot of threats.
I get many ugly and scary threats against my life, my wife, my kids, my coworkers, because of what I choose to say.
And I know those threats don't come from the kind of people on the right who I know and love.
So that's what I wanted to say.
So he knows people on the right, and he loves them, just like the people on the left.
Who are these imaginary people?
I don't think he knows anyone.
And more importantly, what does he get threats for?
Let's not forget that this is the guy who said, if you're unvaccinated, oh yeah, over here's the waiting room.
Oh, you're vaccinated?
Oh, come right in.
You need a heart transplant?
Come right in.
Oh no, you're not unvaccinated?
See you later.
And so it's not for nothing that this man, it's because he has been at the center of this on purpose.
because he's an actor and this is his job.
It's podcasts and late night TV.
Say on that subject, but I don't want to make this about me because, and I know this is what people say when they make things about them, but I really don't.
This show, this show is not important.
What is important is that we get to live in a country that allows us to have a show like this.
I mean,
I've had the opportunity to meet and spend time with comedians and talk show hosts from countries like Russia, countries in the Middle East, who told me they would get thrown in prison for making fun of those in power, and worse than being thrown in prison.
They know how lucky we are.
So not only does he have a lot of friends on the right who he loves, but he knows a lot of people in other countries where they would go to prison if they talked about their leaders like he talks about his leader.
Stop lying!
It's just ridiculous.
Our freedom to speak is what they admire most about this country.
And that's something I'm embarrassed to say I took for granted until they pulled my friend Steven off the air and tried to coerce the affiliates who run our show in the cities that you live in to take my show off the air.
That's not legal.
That's not American.
That is un-American.
And it is so dangerous.
I want you to think about this.
Should the government be allowed to regulate which podcasts the cell phone companies and Wi-Fi providers are allowed to let you download to make sure they serve the public interest?
You think that sounds crazy?
But that's where we're going.
Of course that's where we're going.
Especially if you use one of these platforms.
Because they can do it.
In fact, you allow them to do it.
Unless you host your own videos and your own website like I do, you are leaving yourself at the mercy of these people who can just program you invisible.
And you would never know.
Ten years ago, this sounded crazy.
Brendan Carr, the chairman of the FCC, telling an American company, we can do this the easy way or the hard way, and that these companies can find ways to change conduct and take action on Kimmel, or there's going to be additional work for the FCC ahead, in addition to being a direct violation of the First Amendment, is not a particularly intelligent threat to make in public.
Ted Cruz said he sounded like a mafioso.
Although, I don't know, if you want to hear a mob boss make a threat like that, you have to hide a microphone in a deli and park outside in a van with a tape recorder all night long.
This genius said it on a podcast.
Brendan Carr is the most embarrassing car Republicans have embraced since this one.
And that's saying something.
You have to see.
The FCC has a tradition of meddling where they shouldn't under many administrations, but it wasn't always like this.
There was an FCC commissioner back in 2022 who worked under Joe Biden who was spot on.
He wrote, President Biden is right.
Political satire is one of the oldest and most important forms of free speech.
It challenges those in power while using humor to draw more people into the discussion.
That's why people in influential positions have always targeted it for censorship.
You know who wrote that?
FCC Commissioner Brendan Carr, who later was appointed chairman of the FCC by this former crusader for free speech.
If we don't have free speech, then we just don't have a free country.
It's as simple as that.
If this most fundamental right is allowed to perish, then the rest of our rights and liberties will topple, just like dominoes, one by one, they'll go down.
That was also in 2022.
And I wonder, how did that guy turn into this guy?
Who would you like to see replace Kimmel on late night?
A lot of people.
Anybody could replace him.
The guy had no talent.
Look, he was fired.
He had no talent.
He's a whack job.
But he had no talent.
And more importantly, the talent he had, because a lot of people have no talent, they get ratings.
But he had talent.
First and foremost, that guy is an actor with years and years of on-camera, on-screen experience.
An actor.
Well... I do tonight.
So he does have ratings tonight.
And see, that's the clapping seals that don't realize that they were played.
But they were played.
Guillermo, do you know how many subscribers we have on YouTube now?
20 million.
That's right.
Yeah, that's why we're wearing these glasses.
Thanks for being a subscriber.
If you're not, help us get to 20 million and one.
It's about herding cats, ladies and gentlemen.
What you see here are a bunch of cat herders.
It's 350 million humans in America.
And let's say, let's say 75 million of them need herding.
and now you see what they're doing here this is just herding cats and it is the collective herding of cats that has been prioritized as a national security priority now remember this film that i showed you the other day under the pretense that friendship is deep trust and understand that in this picture
In this picture, many of the people, including Joe Rogan and Jimmy Kimmel and all of them around here, are longtime friends.
And the farther down you go, the less maybe, the more recently they were recruited.
But nonetheless, there are layers and layers of scripted actors that just have agreed to accept the script, just have agreed to play a character, just have agreed to make sure that you never question X, Y, and Z. And if you're just willing to stick to the script that's given, like Joe Rogan is, then they can give you hundreds of millions of dollars and just talk to the people that we send to you.
Now, it might seem oversimplified to say that we are being ruled by podcasts, and it is, because we are also being ruled by late night talk shows.
That's really it.
There's nothing else.
Everything else is something that you watch as a clip on social media, a video, or a short.
And so ultimately it's how do they get in your feed?
And which one of these people did you choose?
And once you choose one of these lower tier people, you're kind of stuck wasting hours and hours because all these lower tier people do is argue about what those higher tier people are doing.
And the one thing that I want to give to everybody with a family member that fell for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and the anti-vax movement or the health freedom movement is that all of these people from layer three on down were aimed at them.
Hundreds of people are not on this picture.
They were all aimed at our family and friends with the idea of confusing them, wasting their time and their energy on skepticism that would never rise
to the level of national or worldwide scrutiny would never rise to any meaningful place because it was never, it was not scripted, but it was here in order to make sure that you would never get there.
And so that's why I showed you this barbecue restaurant.
Oops, it's not really playing.
Let me just escape here.
Gonna have a little crash.
Testing the... testing the memory there.
All of us, we all went to the same elementary.
I've known Lane since kindergarten.
Johnny moved in third grade to our elementary school, so we were all friends before that.
Everybody started getting barbie jobs.
Johnny worked at Franklin.
He worked at Valentino's.
Lane worked at Micklewaite and Freedman's.
I also worked at Freedman's.
Eventually it was like, all right, we should team up together and have our own barbecue restaurant and just run it the way we want to run it.
Now what I want you to imagine for just one second, work with me here on this analogy, that these guys are all the guys who started Goldie's Barbecue and it became the number one barbecue restaurant in Texas.
Now what I want you to imagine is a military organization that was interested in, and a weaponized pile of money that was interested in taking over
effectively the barbecue restaurants and barbecue scene in Texas.
And what they did was they paid these three guys to each split up and open their own barbecue chain and then use social media and actors on social media.
And these guys themselves, after they gave each other a hug and all their families knew that they were in on it, they started talking shit about each other.
And then social media amplified the fact that, you know, former Goldie's barbecue guys are now having a tussle over whose ideas it was.
And now suddenly everybody's interested in going to these barbecue restaurants and evaluating for themselves, which one actually got it right.
It's just a thought experiment to try and show you what three guys with enough trust, because they've known each other since elementary school, could do with a few years of pretending that they don't like each other.
Pretending that they're, you know, got stabbed in the back by that Zane guy.
Zane's such a dick.
But then everybody wants to go to Zane's restaurant because, you know, the other guy's talking about it.
And what I want you to see quite clearly is that in this picture, Guillermo, do you know how many subscribers we have on YouTube now?
20 million.
That's right.
Yeah.
That's why we're wearing these glasses.
In this picture, there are people who could have just agreed, you know what we ought to do?
We ought to split up and see how much damage we can do.
Behind these people, there might be somebody like Steve Bannon who said, hey, I got an idea for how all you guys that have known each other for this long could split up and create a movement on both sides.
I want you to see how easy it is because all of these people are, in fact, long-time friends.
The ones that really matter are, in fact, long-time friends.
And so it is professional friends of 30 years that are working against us right now.
You know, spy friends for the last 30 years that are working with show business actors.
that understood that the transition to social media was gonna happen and that they could help each other transition flawlessly from traditional media to social media podcasting and have millions of followers in the process if they just help this national security narrative for a few years.
And that's what they did.
Just like lifelong friends could, if they wanted to, start a barbecue restaurant and kick some ass, those same friends could split up and pretend that they don't like each other for a little while and make all of them rich.
They could split up on social media for a little while, split up in showbiz for a little while, and then give each other shout outs in their shows after they have a fake fight or they get fake fired.
And that's why none of these people are able to talk succinctly about population pyramids or about murder during the pandemic, manslaughter during the pandemic, or just pneumonia numbers and how the hell we lost control of them.
That's why this line is not level.
They saw this coming.
It's right there.
When I was in high school and in college, it was coming.
They knew it.
And they put these people in place.
They put these narratives in place.
But they put people in place like Dave Baltimore.
They put people in place like Robert Malone and Tony Fauci.
And Paul Offit.
I'm Amy Goodman.
And I'm Nermeen Shaikh.
Welcome to our listeners and viewers around the country and around the world.
The federal government has confirmed over a hundred people across 14 States have now developed measles.
So what I'm showing you here is that on February in 2015 democracy now with the same Indian lady that they still have in the same old white haired lady that they still have was reporting about a measles epidemic that was more or less being blamed on Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would be written about in Rolling Stone, et cetera, et cetera, and would be,
On one side of the narrative, this MMR vaccine and causes autism and a person by the name of Mary Holland.
Also on the skeptic side would be Rand Paul.
This is all 10 years ago.
and Paul Offit on the NIH side, the Fauci side.
And that same set of people was on about a month ago in 2025 and has been on many times since.
It's the same cast.
And they never seem to win any ground from one another.
They never seem to change or fine tune the argument that they're making in order to better
put forth their position or discredit the position of the people that they purport to be opposite of.
And this is a sign that this is a multi-decade, you know, so it is a multi-decade, you can say it any way you want, it's a national security operation and they're all involved.
Mary Holland, Democracy Now!, Rand Paul,
Paul Offit, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Brian Hooker, they're all in on it.
Wittingly or unwittingly, there's no way to explain it any other way because they may have made no progress in 10 years, except for in who follows them.
which is concentrated in California, began when an infected person visited Disneyland in Anaheim in December.
On Wednesday, Dr. Jeffrey Gunzenhauser, Los Angeles County's interim health officer, updated reporters on the outbreak.
The outbreak of measles that we're currently experiencing is the largest that we've had in this county and in this state.
Okay, so let's go again and just see 2016.
We're back at 845.
The Tribeca Film Festival was first launched to help revitalize Lower Manhattan after the 9-11 attacks.
Tonight it kicks off with a celebration of its 15th year Oscar winner Robert De Niro and producer Jane Rosenthal co-founded the festival and they're with us this morning.
Good morning guys good to see.
So this did start Robert as you well know as a response to 9.11 as getting the city back up on its feet downtown and now here you are 15 years later when you started it did you imagine it as an ongoing festival or something that was just for that moment in time.
Well, you'd like to think that it would go on be part of the New York part of the tradition part of the fabric of the city and it looks at this point like it could be.
And so that's great we had no idea that we were sure with anything at this point.
Yeah, we're all happy after 15 years Jane it does feel like an institution, it's one of the film festivals that you hear mentioned that's important that's got to exceed even your your wildest hopes back then.
I did it certainly has and I'm actually happy that I'm not it's in an institution because of it.
It's it's been really extraordinary and we're so thrilled that this year we can kick off with a story about the Met gala and in a winter.
We also have other films to be screening at the Whitney and at the Guggenheim about Elizabeth Murray and Mario Cotter on
So as a new New York institution where bringing in some of the you know bedrocks of New York.
We're just talking Robert about how democratize filmmaking has become over these 15 years people with an iPhone or a laptop can put together a movie you guys are doing something with snapchat I know you want to explain step by step.
But it is remarkable how somebody with a phone can make a short film.
I wonder if he has any interest in Snapchat.
So this is funny, right?
To see this is 2016.
This is actually the same week that Vaxxed was released.
This is a few days after April 1st, 2016.
In 2006, we were actually one of the first festivals to screen a film that was made on an Nokia phone.
And it was actually amazing how it looked when it was projected, because it had this tension.
It felt like a cinema verite, like a Russolini film.
So we've always been about technology and about pushing the boundaries with technology, as long as you can tell a good story.
So technology is great, but if you can't tell a good story, then forget it.
There was a bit of controversy, some headlines at the beginning of this year's festival when it was announced that this film called Vaxxed would be screened at the festival.
Later, the festival pulled it.
Was it because of the backlash were you surprised that people reacted the way that they did?
I was shooting a movie.
I was in the middle of a lot of stuff.
I think the movie is something that people should see.
There was a backlash which I haven't fully explored, and I will, and I didn't want it to start affecting the festival in ways that I couldn't see.
but definitely there's something to that movie and there's another movie called so del was on nbc news today his face right sears was there like this is some serious exposure trace amounts and these there are there's a lot of information about things that are happening with the cdc the pharmaceutical companies there's a lot of things that are not said i as a parent of a child who has autism
I'm concerned and I want to know the truth and I'm not anti-vaccine.
I want safe vaccines.
When you get some people... Does that sound familiar at all?
I just wonder if that sounds familiar.
Can't get a certain type of shot and they can die from it.
You know, even penicillin.
So why should that not be with vaccine?
Which it isn't.
So you said you see what public for the first time saying that your 18 year-old son does have autism that have been a very private thing for you and part of the reason you wanted this film shown was to start that conversation absolutely believe you'll now have a role in that conversation going for possibly yes, because the thing is that the shut it down there's no reason to it.
If you're scientists, let's see let's hear everybody doesn't seem to want to hear much about it.
It shut down and you guys are the ones that should be the investigating do the investigating.
I think the film was controversial because people felt that the filmmaker had been discredited.
Even he, I'm not so sure about.
At the end of the day, even him.
Jane, I'm at the end.
One thing, um, it wasn't, it wasn't, there weren't sponsors or donors that were threatening to pull out of the film festival.
It was our filmmakers and we're known for having... It was the filmmakers who wanted it pulled.
amazing documentary films.
You can take a look at our lineup, whether it's what we're starting with tonight or some other documentaries that are equally controversial that we have at the festival.
So it was our filmmakers that were pulling out.
There's another amazing film about... I find that amazing and we're going to talk about that.
But there's another amazing film that was done by Roger Ross Williams that won the audience award at Sundance called Life Animated about autism.
And it's a really beautiful film about the Susskind family.
It's a beautiful film, but it's another thing.
It's the result of.
It's not questioning how some people got autism.
how the vaccines are dangerous, if not given a dangerous to certain people who are more susceptible.
And they don't, nobody seems to want to address that or they say they've addressed it and it's a closed.
So it's really the same narrative, right?
10 years ago, here he is on the today show saying that it's genetic susceptibility.
But it doesn't seem to be, because there are many people who will come out and say, no, I saw my kid change like overnight.
I saw what happened, and I should have done something, and I didn't.
So there's more to this than meets the eye, believe me.
Is that the experience you had, Robert, something changed overnight?
it my wife says that I don't remember but there was I my child is autistic and every kid is different but there is something there there's something there that people aren't addressing and for me to get so upset here today on the today show with you guys means there's something there that's all I wanted was the movie to be seen people can make their own judgment but you must see it and other there are other films all I remember
What I really want is for people to see that that graph right there shows murder of my fellow Americans for two and a half years while all of these people lied about it.
The fake health freedom movement lied about it.
They were put in place to lie about it.
Other things that also just document and show, you know, it's not such a simple thing.
do you regret pulling it now and some part of me doesn't part of this is let me let it go for now and I'll deal with it later in another way but as I didn't want the festival to be affected in a way because it was like a knee jerk reaction and especially from the filmmakers frankly that that I that I you know.
the other filmmakers who were in the whatever they were and I didn't I didn't want to want to ask him, but now I will see that Robert is nearly consensus in the scientific community that there's no link there.
Do you believe that's not true, I don't I believe it's much more complicated than that it's much more complicated than that there there is a link.
And they're saying there isn't but there are certain things doesn't the obvious one is by Marisol which is Mercury.
a base preservative.
But there are other things that I don't know, I'm not a scientist, but I know because I've seen so much reaction
about just let's find out the truth.
Let's just find out the truth.
Stop lying.
I'm not anti-vaccine as I say, but I'm pro safe.
He's on their script.
That's all you need to see.
He doesn't have to be lying.
I might not have should have played that, but he's on the script that he's provided.
He's not saying anything that Brian Hooker of 2016 wouldn't have also said.
Now, Brian Hooker would have said something different in 2013,
but not in 2016 vaccine.
And there are some people who cannot take a vaccine and they have to be found.
There are some people who can't take a vaccine and that's why other people are obligated to take a vaccine is also a fricking narrative talking point that has not changed in more than 15 years.
Wake up.
out and warned that you just don't give a kid a bunch of shots and then something happens.
Some parents, you know, even in this document, they say, I knew I shouldn't have done it.
I knew I shouldn't have done it.
I talked to the doctor.
He's the doctor.
I should listen.
I did it.
the next day.
Imagine how the parent feels.
The worry is that people who hear those words and wonder about it will then not have their child vaccinated, which has led to a higher incidence of things like mumps and measles, that kind of thing.
I don't know if those statistics are accurate.
I'm not the one to say.
The question would be, right, what would they do to somebody who did this?
If this is accidental, that they didn't script this, that this was done live with all those people outside, and he just got to say a lot more than they planned him to say,
That would be extraordinary, wouldn't it?
Because there are people who can say, cut, let's go to a commercial.
There are people who can do that.
So in my humble opinion, he already agreed to stay on script and that's why they haven't cut.
That's why that guy had the question that he could say, well, there is a consensus that this isn't true.
It's a script.
I would question even that.
There's a kind of a hysteria, the knee jerk reaction.
Let's see.
As I say, everyone should have the choice to take vaccines.
Some places it's becoming mandatory, but it does benefit the big drug companies, funnily enough.
If you want to start to look at facts and statistics, one of the things that you do need to look at in this movie, Vaxxed, is the contradictions of facts and statistics right off the top with what's stated, with what the rise is, what the graph is, and then people saying something different.
So you need to read the reviews of that movie, make your own decision.
Clearly the festival has about
100 other movies that are in the festival.
This was only going to be screened once they've certainly had their voice and their their time and there's amazing films about other issues of social impact whether it's the criminal justice, but don't forget that having a child with autism can mean almost anything to these people if they are on script.
Is it a learning disability is it ADHD.
Is he some other way neurologically damaged?
Everything in childhood that is neurological is called autism, I assure you.
And that's part of the reason why so many of these people are very, very confident that it's just the way we diagnose it that has changed.
system, an amazing film called The Return, another film about her herbal life, Whistleblower Story, another film about drone warfare, National Bird, which is, it really asks a lot of questions about how we go to war.
Certainly the festival is about having conversation and there's also some fun films too, Family Fang with Jason Bateman and Nicole Kidman.
So we've got a lot for you at the festival.
It's always fun.
And by the way also highlighted by the 40 year anniversary of taxi driver.
Yeah, I'm I'm I'm very curious and interested to go and okay, so they had to have him on again.
They had to have him on again to speak again a week later because.
Headlines last week when he appeared on today with me and Savannah to talk about the 15th anniversary of the Tribeca film festival.
The conversation turned into a broader discussion about the claim that autism is linked to vaccines, a claim that's been widely discredited by the medical community.
Well soon after that interview there I sat down with Robert De Niro and Jane Rosenthal the co-founders of the Tribeca Film Festival.
We talked about the future of film the 40th anniversary of taxi driver and I asked De Niro about how he felt about pulling the anti-vaccine documentary vaxxed from the festival lineup.
And so they did the interview again and this time they got it right and this time the producers going to say that there are all kinds of inconsistencies in the film that's why we pulled it.
I still have mixed feelings about it.
I wanted it to be in.
We decided to pull it, because I didn't want to pull the festival in a direction.
But it was from filmmakers, according to Jane.
And so I said, let me just let it take it out.
But I'm not 100% sure that was the right thing to do, ultimately.
Next time, I'll know hopefully more clearly about when presented with a situation like this.
But there is something definitely there with Vax.
And there is something.
going on with the CDC, the pharmaceutical industry.
People should read the reviews of the film because there are things in the film that put aside the point that you're making.
There are some issues in the film from its consistency, from somebody saying one thing 20 minutes in and then reverses their point of view.
know there are inaccuracies in any film any documentary.
And so I don't really and I'm not defending it that way I don't I don't know, but there are accuracies with things that you have to question and that's my reason for having the film for question to question certain things or open it up for discussion pros and cons.
There's something that is not quite kosher in all of this that's all I can say, but in a sense with this controversy probably more people will see this movie.
Yeah, as they should, as they should.
It's almost like a plan.
It's almost like it was a plan.
You know, they would get this movie and it would get a bunch of, you know, or they would cancel this guy named Steve Kimmel and then he would get a bunch of, he would get a bunch of, now it's going to be all over the United States.
I wonder what they would do.
I wonder what they'd do.
I don't know what country he lives in, but I don't have a leader.
I have an elected representative.
We don't have leaders or great leaders.
We have representatives.
Who is this yo-yo?
for that.
With that said, I was not happy when they pulled me off the air on Earth.
I did not agree with that decision.
And I told them that.
And we had many conversations.
I shared my point of view.
They shared theirs.
We talked it through.
And at the end, even though they didn't have to, they really didn't have to, this is a giant company.
We have short attention spans.
And I am a tiny part of the Disney Corporation.
They welcomed me back on the air.
And I thank them for that.
that unfortunately, and I think unjustly, this puts them at risk.
The President of the United States made it very clear he wants to see me and the hundreds of people who work here fired from our jobs.
Our leader celebrates Americans losing their livelihoods because he can't take a joke.
He was... Somehow...
able to squeeze Colbert out of CBS, then he turned his sights on me, and now he's openly rooting for NBC to fire Jimmy Fallon and Seth Meyers and the hundreds of Americans who work for their shows, who don't make millions of dollars.
And I hope that if that happens, or if there's even any hint of that happening, you will be 10 times
Jimmy Kimmel has 21 million subscribers on YouTube.
He has an ABC affiliated talk show that gets broadcast all around the world.
I think people watch him.
It's as loud as you were this week.
We have to speak out against this guy.
He's not stopping.
And it's not just comedy.
He's gunning for our journalists too.
He's suing them.
He's bullying them.
Over the weekend, his foxy friend, Pete Hegseth announced a new policy that requires journalists with Pentagon press credentials to sign a pledge promising.
Please understand that the stage manager can just say, if you want to hear yourself in the audience, you have to scream loud.
The microphone is up there and it's up there.
And so if you want to hear yourself on national television, you need to scream loud when I go like this and you need to stop when I go like this.
That's all he's got to say.
And so again, now you see it, right?
This is the theater, the theater that Donald Trump is a bad guy and now he's cracking down on us because, you know, when it comes to free speech for him, it's fine.
You know, the whole bullshit, this theater is not going to get better.
It's going to get worse.
Walter Cronkite must be spinning in his grave right now.
He's dead, right?
Look, I never imagined I would be in a situation like this.
I barely paid attention in school.
But one thing I did learn from Lenny Bruce and George Carlin and Howard Stern is that a government threat to silence a comedian the president doesn't like is anti-American.
That's anti-American.
And I am so glad we have
Some solidarity on that from the right and the left and from those in the middle, like Joe Rogan.
Maybe the silver lining from this is we found one thing we can agree on, and maybe we'll even find another one.
Maybe we can get a little bit closer together.
We do agree on a lot of things.
We agree on keeping our children safe from guns, from reproductive rights for women, Social Security.
affordable health care, pediatric cancer research.
These are all things that most Americans support.
Let's stop letting these politicians tell us what they want and tell them what we want.
Yeah, I mean it.
Yeah.
There was a...
A moment over the weekend, a very beautiful moment.
I don't know if you saw this.
On Sunday, Erica Kirk forgave the man who shot her husband.
She forgave him.
That is an example we should follow.
If you believe in the teachings of Jesus, as I do,
There it was.
That's, that's it.
A selfless act of grace, forgiveness from a grieving widow.
It touched me deeply.
There's no way that guy's crying because she forgave his killer, but the enchantment signified by this sound effect
The enchantment is, is that there is a killer.
He was caught.
He's on the left.
He's got a furry boyfriend.
And Charlie Kirk is a good guy following the teachings of Jesus and his wife forgave the killer because that's what Jesus would do.
I know it sounds very dark, ladies and gentlemen, but this is a national security theater.
These are not real Christians.
This is not a real Christian.
This is a guy who was on The Man Show with Joe Rogan.
This is a guy who will literally read any lines as long as it involves millions of dollars and being in front of a live audience.
It touches many.
And if there's anything we should take from this tragedy to carry forward, I hope it can be that, not this.
So thank you for listening.
And I'll have more to say when we come back.
What about also those who say that you're being, in recent months, awfully thin-skinned?
I've always been thin-skinned.
I've been thin-skinned from day one.
Welcome back to Jimmy Kimmel Live.
We are still on the air in most of the country, except, ironically, for Washington, D.C., where we have been preempted.
We are off the air in Nashville, New Orleans.
Here's the thing that I want you to understand, okay?
As a friend of several theater majors at DePaul University and knowing a lot of these theater majors well,
I gotta tell you, I gotta tell you, they spend their whole day, a lot of their day, generating emotions on command.
And if there's anything that he would be good at, at this stage, after all this professional experience doing these monologues, he would be very good at controlling his emotions in front of the camera.
And he could have practiced this, he could have gone over it many times, and he would have never really fallen
to the point where he was crying unless he allowed himself to get there again because actors can do that they can do it very easily because they've trained themselves to hold a few sad memories over here and a few funny ones over here or whatever they've done in order to make sure that this thespian change can be done on command and certainly when you know and he's preparing for it and they put on those suits
the banana and the gopher, that these guys are willing to do anything, including making light of what was supposed to be a sincere apology that millions of people around the world were waiting to hear.
But somewhere buried in there, he says he believes in the teachings of Jesus Christ.
And I just can't stress enough how
Just the very saying of that on network television already goes against all of the teachings of Jesus Christ.
The private relationship you're supposed to have with God the Father is not something that you're supposed to just throw around.
That's why when people gave a warning about how fascism would come to America, it would be a cross, carrying a cross wrapped in a flag.
That's not a joke.
That's real.
That's predictive programming.
That's telling you what's about to happen.
And it's just not Christianity.
Jesus himself is quoted as saying, you know, render unto Caesar what is Caesar's and right now, Donald Trump, his Caesar.
He can't also be our Christian savior.
I mean, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., just because he says he prays 30 minutes a day and Donald Trump is the answer to those prayers, doesn't mean that we have to accept him as a Christian savior.
If these people tell us that Charlie Kirk is a Christian savior, that doesn't mean that we have to, in fact, it goes against most things that you would come to understand if you read the New Testament.
It's bizarre to me.
I see it as completely bizarre, and the only way to explain the contrast between this data and this behavior is a military organization, a militarily organized script which has spanned over a decade of theater.
Portland, Oregon, Salt Lake City, and St.
Louis, where none of my wife's family is able to watch the show tonight.
So sorry, Aunt Sharon.
Sorry, Aunt Maureen.
You'll have to go to YouTube, I guess.
But I am glad to be back at work.
It was touch and go for a minute.
Guillermo did something very sweet, actually.
He called me, and he offered to sell his le boo-boos.
I will never forget that gesture, my friend.
Guillermo.
I've done a lot of talking.
Is there anything you would like to share with the audience tonight?
Sure.
I would like to say, listen, this world needs more people like Jimmy Kimmel.
He is the best.
He's a great man, a great father.
And thank you, Jimmy.
And I love you.
And I stand with you all the way.
so it's so many great men in america right now it's kind of amazing that america is is is being destroyed right so many once in many generations great men in america it's really remarkable right that that guy's also an actor
If you stand with me all the way, why did Ryan Seacrest call me and tell me you keep texting him over and over again?
Never, never.
That was wrong Mexican.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
So it's not racist when Mexicans are racist.
We were in the middle, and in a lot of ways still are in the middle, of an unprecedented fix.
After almost 23 years on the air, we're suddenly not being broadcast in 20% of the country, which is not a situation we relish.
So we reached out to the chairman of the FCC, Brendan Carr, and he has, to his credit, agreed to join us from his office in Washington.
And here he is now.
Thank you, Chairman Carr, for being with us tonight.
Are you seeing the checkmate here?
Why would he be on this show right now?
Other than he is a scripted actor.
Who's correcting a mistake that he started in 2016 on the Today Show.
Correcting a mistake that he corrected a week later on the Today Show with the help of his then producer.
And he's helping to correct the mistake now by steering the clapping masses back to the destination.
See it clearly how under attack America is, how deceived we have been and how over what timeframe we have been deceived.
You tell Whoopi over there she better show a little respect, or the only view she's getting is from under George Washington.
The bridge, not the guy.
Excuse me, sir?
Yeah, hi.
Well, what is this?
You sneak up on me?
You don't sneak up on a person.
It's not nice.
I'm sorry.
What is your name?
Because I was expecting to talk to the chairman of the FCC.
You don't need to know my name.
And I am the new chairman of the FCC.
You were appointed FCC chairman by Donald Trump?
Sir Trump, yes.
I used to do some work for the man here and there in Atlantic City.
But did I just hear you on the phone threatening Whoopi Goldberg?
No, I would never threaten Ms.
Goldstein.
I was just teaching her a lesson.
Now, why did he just use two Jewish names there?
Why does he call her Ms.
Goldstein?
Is that also a Jewish joke that they're allowed to make?
Because, you know, everybody's got to have this subconscious idea that the Jews are involved.
Is that funny?
Or is this a very nasty, malevolent, military, scripted, bullshit theater here with very distinct cognitive cues put in, including calling Whoopi Goldberg Goldstein.
Please tell me you see this.
This is how malevolent it has become.
It is very dark right now in America.
It's about consequences.
Well, pardon me for saying so.
Maybe you're the wrong guy to talk to.
But it seems like the FCC is using mob tactics to suppress free speech.
What the f*** did you just say to me?
I didn't mean any offense.
You know, you can't curse, or we'll get fined by the FCC.
I am the f***ing FCC.
I can f***ing say whatever the f*** I want.
No.
Well, this sounds a little like threats and intimidation to me, Chairman.
Stop that.
Look, it's just me, Jimmy, the chairman of the FCC, gently suggesting that you gently shut the fuck up.
But you can't say that.
That's a violation of free speech.
Oh, yeah.
About that.
Speech, it ain't free no more.
What?
It's not free no more?
Yeah.
We're charging by the word now.
You're charging by the word?
How much are you charging?
Depends on what you want to say, like you want to say something nice about the president's beautiful thick yellow hair or how he can do his makeup better than any broad.
That's for... So it's actually all one show.
Because in 2013 when Brian Hooker would not use the word autism, he didn't like the word autism because his son was neurologically injured.
Joe Rogan was already pushing the narrative that would come.
It could lead to a viral armageddon, a biopocalypse.
If you've got the lab, if you've got the scientists necessary, effectively you could come up with a zombie-type virus.
Tonight, MERS, SARS, bird flu, mutating superbugs are threatening to wipe out mankind.
Do we think we rule the planet?
No, they rule the planet.
Their attack is always vicious.
The majority of the exposed people will die.
It could lead to a viral Armageddon, a bio apocalypse.
You've got the land.
It is absolutely impossible that this person is a virologist, but instead this is a stand in for Robert Malone in 2013 who probably helped with this script.
There's no other way to explain the presence of this man.
And there's another guy that's also in the video that also fits the, you know, American with white hair or blonde hair.
This is absolutely positively a test run where they figure out that history channel shows and sci-fi channel shows don't have the kind of reach and don't have the kind of convincing nature that a podcast has.
And in fact, this show clearly demonstrates the transition to Joe Rogan podcasting.
This show on the Sci-Fi Channel about a coming pandemic with Robert Malone-esque characters telling us all about how it would happen is not by accident.
It is because ever since the Human Genome Project was understood to be essentially unachievable as it was on paper.
that the rules of life were not going to be discerned in the next few years without a drastic change in the way we did experiments and in what animal models we did those experiments.
They need your grandchildren.
And Joe Rogan is part of a multi-decade media campaign to change our minds about biology enough so that they could invert the sovereignty of our grandchildren to the status of experimental animal.
If you've got the scientists that's the only way that you can explain this timeline of bullshit See that 2013 look at this timeline where Jimmy Kimmel is now on stage and doing a bit with with Robert De Niro who was involved in the promotion or anti-promotion of Vaxxed back when it was introduced
therefore indirectly involved in the murder of Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn, because they had to be killed in 2020 so that the cast members of this theater, which were put in place on the internet in this time period, could take over the narrative and be promoted across social media when everybody would be forced to lock down and inevitably resort to social media to find the truth.
That's Joe Rogan.
Governance by scripted actors.
That's Jimmy Kimmel, governance by scripted actors.
That's Kathy Griffin and Snoop Dogg.
That's Trump derangement syndrome by scripted actors.
So when were these voices recorded?
Just see if you can play the game of when were these voices recorded.
Just start in the chat tweeting what year you think these voices were recorded.
So Dr. Malone, I was at the grocery store yesterday and
Something interesting happened.
I saw an unusual amount of people with masks.
Dozens of people wearing, not a majority, but I'd say 15% of people wearing masks.
And I go every Sunday, you know, just get groceries for the family, the way I can chip in.
And it's totally different because two weeks ago, there was almost nobody wearing masks.
Oops, sorry.
What has changed, Dr. Malone, except that the Mockingbird Media decided to press a button?
Well put, Mockingbird Media.
I agree.
It's not just the Mockingbird Media.
It's the pharmaceutical industry, particularly Pfizer, but also Moderna, has cooperated again with the federal government and is getting the support of the federal government, including Mr. Biden.
to promote the logic that we have two scary variants on the horizon that are causing this is let's stay grounded in the data there has been a modest uptick in hospitalizations attributed to COVID but they're still running so far nobody got it right yet 21 24 25 they are all
Incorrect, but thanks for playing.
Far, far below any of the major peak levels.
And, uh, the variants that are being identified appear to be more infectious, but still not particularly pathogenic.
I think the thing that is particularly fascinating here in addition to the fear porn, of course,
and the willingness of entities like Lionsgate Media to impose max mandates.
And then upon the outcry of many, have pulled that back.
And this is also happening with some of the schools.
But we have, once again, the development of new booster, quote unquote, products aimed at these new variants.
And then the all unexpected,
was Mr. Biden casually commenting that he has asked Congress for additional funds to develop a coronavirus vaccine that, quote, works, which of course implies the acknowledgement that the prior ones did not work, and that he would potentially want to mandate this for all Americans, including those that have previously received vaccine.
Now, they appear to be dialing back on that a little bit,
But it is amazingly concurrent with the upcoming primary season, which, of course, has got a lot of us skeptics concerned that there may be more shenanigans having to do with voting practices, et cetera, all rolled up into this new thing.
Meanwhile, back at the World Health Organization, they don't seem to be particularly alarmed about these new variants.
So we've got Biden wants more money to build a vaccine that'll work.
And just to recap, there has never been a coronavirus vaccine for humans that has been safe and effective.
This has been a constant source of frustration after billions and billions of dollars invested.
And so somehow Mr. Biden thinks this is going to be solved.
I don't think we're going to make it to I don't know how the timing is here.
So I'm also checking that right now.
I just have a GoPro seven up there on the on the rack.
Um, and, uh, so we'll see how that works, but I don't think we're going to have time to do the rest of the show.
So I have to do it after basketball, which is fine because we're already at one 42.
It's nice to have it broken up into little pieces, but I will listen to the rest of this and then play you out with a little journey.
Um, and then I'll be back after the basketball, hopefully at around five o'clock or so, depending on the schedule of the family in a moment with the snap of the fingers.
And, uh, that he'll be able to mandate deployment of this.
But as I recall, they stopped the emergency declaration.
And so if they're going to roll this out under EUA, they're going to have to have another emergency declaration.
It's all very confusing.
So calling for a new vaccine, one that actually works, and he says, I signed off this morning on a new plan to ask Congress for new funding.
So Dr. Mullen, you said something interesting.
Can you just elaborate on it?
You say that coronaviruses, we have difficulty traditionally inoculating against coronaviruses.
If that's the case, why is it that our federal government continues to push boosters and now wants to go after another vaccine?
I thought the first one was 100% safe and effective.
Right, so we know that that was a false narrative.
It was actively promoted and you used a key word in a subtle way at the opening of this segment.
You used the term mockingbird.
And we seem to have a resuscitation of Mockingbird in so many different sectors.
Of course, what you're referring to is Operation Mockingbird, which was halted after, I think, the Church Commission, and then reinstituted by Mr. Obama as he was leaving office.
There's a great essay about this that Bobby Kennedy recently tweeted about that got a lot of attention from Tablet Magazine that covers the history of this new
censorship industrial complex that is very much tied to our intelligence community.
So I'm trying to be very gentle here, and perhaps I shouldn't be.
It looks to me like we have another concerted bush of fear porn, and the cynics would say, or those of us perhaps that are increasingly awake,
that this seems to be being manipulated for other purposes other than public health because the signs and indications are that this is a more infectious, equally or less highly pathogenic pair of variants, which absolutely do avoid increasingly the existing vaccines as predicted we would have by deploying a leaky vaccine into the teeth of an ongoing pandemic
or epidemic, it is absolutely predictable that what you will get with a single-stranded RNA virus is virus that is able to more effectively evade the vaccine.
And on top of that, we have this.
Of course, whoops, that's not what I wanted.
Darn it.
I had that ready to go.
Of course, what that also means is this whole thing with, you know, Herod von den Bosch was completely correct, which is just hilarious.
I mean, come on.
problem of original antigenic sin or the effects of repeated boosting that have been well documented to understand.
Make sure you understand that's the that's the narrative that I wrote in my review, worked on for five months under the tutelage help of whatever coaching of editing of Piper Stover, who probably was giving all of that to these scripted people.
She was just one of these people who was working me, like Kevin McCarron did, like Paul Cottrell did, like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
did, like all of these people in Drastic did.
I just happened to be one of the few people that's touched all of these individual actors because I kept seeing through them, all the way to Nick Hudson of Panda and Jonathan Engler of Heart, and the fraud of all frauds on the internet, really, Jessica Hockett from Chicago.
These are the worst actors on the internet.
And I'm afraid that Robert Malone and, you know, I don't know who Charlie Kirk is or where he went or what happened to him or whether he was shot and who shot him.
But I know for sure that he was in the same network of actors that Robert Malone and Brian Hooker and Mary Holland have come involved in.
And I know that in that network, people die.
Brandy Vaughn died.
Tony Bark died.
who result in the situation in which people who are repeatedly booted have a higher probability of clinical infection, hospitalization or death.
It's a paradox, but it's not for those of us who are immunologists.
So the government is absolutely digging itself deeper and deeper into a hole and seems to be throwing a Hail Mary.
Oh, we're going to magically make this new vaccine appear that will actually work.
and it will be done in a short period of time, and you'll all have to take the jab.
Dr. Malone, can you just comment on the lack of wisdom in our expert class?
It's striking and scary, Dr. Malone.
I would say what it seems to indicate is widespread conflicts of interest.
Many people have wisdom.
They may not share it with you.
They may only talk about it with their friends or colleagues in private.
I think we've seen a lot of examples of conflict of interest determining what people's public face is.
We clearly have a failure of wisdom and insight and forethought in many of the responses of our federal government over these days.
I think that's pretty rampant.
And as a consequence, we're having rampant blowback, unintended consequences in every single sector.
something that comes about just because you have deep knowledge.
I think the passage of time and the school of hard knocks and a willingness to think deeply, look inside, and I think also recognize the value of the divine and the wisdom of the
various teachings that we receive through the Judeo-Christian tradition and also help us in developing wisdom and I do my best.
including seeking counsel from you from time to time to try to stay balanced and keep on track and not overreact.
Stop lying!
Just a small town girl Livin' in a lonely world She took the midnight train goin' anywhere Just a city boy
Born and raised in South Detroit He took the midnight train going anywhere
A singer in a smoky room The smell of wine and cheap perfume For a smile they can share the night It goes on and on and on and on Strangers waiting Up and down the boulevard There's shadows searching in the night
Streetlights, people, heaven must have found them all
Everybody wants a thrill Paying anything to roll the dice Just one more time Some will win, some will lose Some of all just sing the blues Oh, the movie never ends
Strangers waitin' Up and down the boulevard There are shadows searchin' in the night Streetlights, people Livin' just to find a good time
Don't stop believin' Hold on to that feeling Streetlight people Don't stop believin'
Believe it Hold on to that feeling